CWRU HomeApplyGiveVisitFind
Submit
CES Center
eecs home
about the department
academics
intro computing courses
seminars
research
faculty & staff
facilities
student organizations
eecs scheduler
contact us
cse home
cse faculty development
employment opportunities
bb
Welcome to EECS!
We bring together a spectrum of degree programs and research thrusts that ultimately lead to the enhancement of life. We strive for distinction through excellence, productivity, and innovation. We emphasize a student-centric, experiential learning environment that prepares capable professionals, effective teammates, and life-long learners.

Undergraduate Degree Programs:
Computer Engineering
Computer Science
Electrical Engineering
Systems and Control Engineering  
 
​Graduate Degree Programs:   
M.S. Program
Electrical, Computer, Systems and Control Engineering Programs
Computer Science Program
Ph.D. Graduate Procedure and Regulations
Electrical, Computer, Systems and Control Engineering Program
Computer Science
M.S. and Certificate Programs (San Diego)
Wireless Health
Wearable Computing
Health IT
Security    
 

EECS News
Researcher developing low-cost, portable method to detect tainted medicines
CLEVELAND—Fake or low-quality medicines and food supplements are an ongoing global problem in underdeveloped nations, although technology-savvy places, such as the United States, are also not immune.

A researcher at Case Western Reserve University is developing a low-cost, portable prototype designed to detect tainted medicines and food supplements that otherwise can make their way to consumers. The technology can authenticate good medicines and supplements.

Read more
Best Student Presentation Award to Subrina Rafique
 Subrina Rafique

Rafique’s paper, “Synthesis of Wide Bandgap β-Ga2O3 Rods on 3C-SiC-on-Silicon”, was co-authored by her Ph.D. advisor Hongping Zhao, Assistant Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science; Electrical Engineering doctoral student Lu Han, and Christian A. Zorman, Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.   

Read more
EECS chair Kenneth A. Loparo elected AIMBE fellow
 Ken LoparoThe American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering (AIMBE) has announced the induction of Kenneth Loparo, Nord Professor of Engineering and chair of the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, to its College of Fellows.

Loparo was nominated, reviewed and elected by peers and members of the College of Fellows for the development of advanced signal processing techniques to improve monitoring, detection, and diagnosis in critical care, epilepsy, and sleep.

The College of Fellows is comprised of the top 2 percent of medical and biological engineers in the country, and AIMBE fellows are regularly recognized for their contributions in teaching, research and innovation.

Loparo joins 23 other Case Western Reserve faculty members in this elite group of scholars. He was formally inducted at a ceremony held during the AIMBE’s Annual Meeting in the National Academy of Science in Washington, DC, on March 15.

5 questions with senior computer science major and hacker Stephanie Hippo
 Early in life, Stephanie Hippo's parents gave her sound advice: "You can complain about something, but until you do something about it, you're just part of the problem." Two years ago, Hippo encountered a problem - the lack of women in computer science - and decided to do something about it.

Read more...

EECS' Philip Feng receives NSF Career Award
 Philip Feng, assistant professor of electrical engineering and computer science, has won a $500,000 National Science Foundation (NSF) Faculty Early Career Development Award for his five-year project, “Dynamically Tuning 2D Semiconducting Crystals and Heterostructures for Atomically-Thin Signal Processing Devices and Systems.”
 
Called a CAREER award, it’s the NSF’s most prestigious grant to junior faculty members. Winners are chosen because they exemplify the role of researcher-teacher-scholar through outstanding research, excellent education and the integration of the two.
 
Learn more about Feng’s research and the award. 

more
Click For More News
Earn your master's degree in systems & control engineering entirely online. Apply now!

UPCOMING EVENTS
No Upcoming Events

SEMINARS (IN WHITE 411 UNLESS NOTED OTHERWISE)
No upcoming seminars

Submit
© 2017 Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, Ohio 44106, 216.368.2000 
Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 
Glennan 321, 216.368.2802 (legal notice)
Social Media
facebookFacebook
twitterTwitter
rssRSS
youtubeYoutube
Information
News & Media
Programs & Events
Strategic Plan
Case WARN
Resources
CWRU IEEE
CWRU ACM
